LONDON !  At one time it was the largest city in the world. Today, although exceeded by several megacities on different continents, London remains a city that fascinates and attracts millions of visitors each year. And for good reason. It is one of those great " world cities " cosmopolitan centers that offer the visitor not just an unparalleled choice of museums and monuments, but also an unforgettable experience and a change of scenery . London is London , and no other city in the world is like it. Its attractions and places of interest are countless and cater for all tastes and all ages; its shops - small and large - are often unforgettable; its culture - theatres and museums combined - in a class of its own.
Vibrant, edgy and brimming with personality, Scotland’s largest city is a must-see spot for art, culture and cuisine, while its proximity to Loch Lomond & The Trossachs National Park make it perfect for nature lovers too. Arts enthusiast? Head to Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum and the Gallery of Modern Art. History buff? Step back in time at the University of Glasgow Cloisters or explore the spooky side of the city’s history at Glasgow Necropolis. With unbeatable shopping venues including the Buchanon Galleries and a world-class street art scene, whether you want to tantalise your tastebuds on Glaswegian gastronomy in Finnieston or come face-to-face with Highland hairy coos at Pollock Country Park, Glasgow’s got it going on.
Roman ruins. Industrial history. Time-honoured traditions. When it comes to the past, Newcastle’s perfect for history buffs – but if you’re looking for modern-day allure, the city has it all. Discover a modern masterpiece on a grand scale with a visit to the Angel of the North, or experience the beauty of days of yore on an exploration of Hadrian’s Wall. See the results of innovative engineering on a visit to the Gateshead Millennium Bridge, or dip your toe in the past on a trip to Newcastle Castle Keep. Feast your eyes on cutting edge delights at the Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art, or watch the masterpieces of yesteryear performed at the Theatre Royal. Add to that enviable nightlife, some of the finest cuisine in the north east and the chance to see Newcastle United in action and you’ll soon see why Newcastle’s non-negotiable on your next trip to Britain.
Nearby, Newport's cathedral city boasts a unique atmosphere and an eclectic economy made up of traditional, electronic and financial industries. It has two special business events venues, the Celtic Manor Resort and the soon to open ICC Wales – a new international convention centre.
Known as the Gateway to the North, Newry sits snugly amidst the natural splendour of the Mourne Mountains and the Ring of Gullion. It's at the very heart of the Home of St Patrick, on the borders of Game of Thrones® Territory, and just a short trip away from the fairytale landscapes of Ireland's Ancient East.
Famous for its castle, clans and some seriously cracking festivals, Edinburgh is a little city with a big cultural heart. Soak up Scotland’s epic history at Edinburgh Castle, savour smoky whiskies and fine seasonal scran (food) in Rose Street or Leith, and laugh yourself silly at the Fringe, just one of 11 major festivals held throughout the year. History buff? Climb 350 million years into the past and discover the awe-inspiring views from Arthur’s Seat, a dormant volcano, or check out the Iron Age forts at Holyrood Park. From delving into the city’s historic vaults to exploring the flower-filled delights of Princes Street Gardens, when it comes to Scotland, Edinburgh’s a must-see spot!
Oxford is known as the “City of Spires” because of its beautiful skyline of Gothic towers and steeples. Most of these belong to the university, which is the oldest in England. The University of Oxford's buildings were mostly built in the 15th, 16th, and 17th centuries.
A hub of innovation and creativity housing the University of Cambridge, an institution dating back more than 800 years, the city of Cambridge is a hotbed of history, architecture and heritage. From spying the splendour of the King’s College Chapel, one of 31 colleges, to visiting the Cambridge University Botanic Garden, there’s no shortage of things to do in Cambridge. Take a punt on the River Cam to see the renowned Cambridge College Backs and to pass under the Bridge of Sighs, be amazed by art and antiquities in the Fitzwilliam Museum, pop into Fitzbillies for tea, and sample the city’s flourishing food and drink scene. Discover sights designed by famous scholars and find out how a Cambridge visit can create lasting memories.
Oasis, Old Trafford, Coronation Street – there’s lots to love about Manchester! Nowadays, the birthplace of the industrial revolution is as famous for its thriving arts scene as it is for its history. It’s also filled to the brim with renowned museums, shopping to die for, incredible cuisine and buzzing nightlife. Add to that a host of annual events including Manchester Jazz Festival, Pride Big Weekend and Manchester International Festival to spice things up, and you’ll find there’s much more to the city than meets the eye. 
From the Fab Four to Frankie Goes to Hollywood, Liverpool is a UNESCO City of Music with seriously cool credentials. Get into the groove at the British Music Experience, step back in time at the historic Cavern Club, or crank up the classical with a trip to Philharmonic Hall. Like your tunes with a slice of sightseeing? Worry not - the home of The Beatles has much more than music up its sleeve! Indulge your footie fantasies with a trip to Liverpool F.C, feel on top of the world with a 360° tour of the 
Royal Liver Building, or descend into darkness with a spooky city ghost tour.  With more galleries and museums than any other city in Britain but London, you can explore its history at the Museum of Liverpool, go stratospheric at Spaceport Planetarium, or see cutting edge modern at Tate Liverpool, all before indulging in the city’s mouth-watering culinary scene. From brilliant bands to the Baltic Triangle, Liverpool’s the place to be.
Britain’s second largest city, Birmingham is the industrial hub with a vibrant, creative heart. Satisfy fashion fever at the Bullring or Mailbox Malls or head from the train straight to the shops, at the achingly cool Grand Central complex. Follow the footsteps of Cillian Murphy and co. on a Peaky Blinders city tour, or indulge your sweet tooth at Cadbury World. Get creative at the Custard Factory - the former home of Bird’s Custard that’s now home to up-and-coming designers, artists and independent cafes and bars, or enjoy a taste of Edwardian history at Winterborne House and Garden.  From cruising down the city’s forgotten underground canals with an expert guide to checking out the home of the BBC, or celebrating the city’s eclectic cuisine with an unforgettable meal on the Balti Triangle, Birmingham’s blindingly brilliant!
Cool creative Bristol is a must-see destination if you’re a fan of art, culture and action-packed adventure. And when it comes to great grub and welcoming pubs, the city’s no slouch! For a true taste of Bristol, head out on a street art tour to discover the works of the city’s most famous son, Banksy. Delve into maritime history at the legendary SS Great Britain steamship, or discover awe-inspiring views on a tour of the historic Clifton Suspension Bridge. Feel your adrenaline pumping at the Wave, the city’s brand new inland surfing site, see historic works of art at Bristol Museum & Art Gallery, or savour local ale and cosy up in one of its eclectic bars, pubs or breweries. With shopping ranging from budget to blowout and an impressive music scene to boot, one thing’s for sure - the home of Massive Attack and The Eagles doesn’t disappoint.
Cute and quirky, Brighton may seem like a typical British seaside resort, but delve below the surface and you’ll discover vintage shopping, mouth-watering cuisine and plenty of pubs for an afternoon tipple. Explore the Victorian history and modern-day delights of Brighton Palace Pier, get your shop on in the winding streets and boho boutiques of The Lanes, or experience a bird’s eye perspective of the coastline from 450ft above the ground, on British Airways i360. Dig in to freshly cooked fish and chips, or get back to nature amongst the white cliffs and ancient woodlands of the South Downs National Park. From wildlife to seaside charm, Brighton rocks!
It's a city where you can easily surf or take in a theatre performance in the same day. Aberdeen is famous for its stunning, sparkling, granite buildings and monuments which shimmer in the sunlight and the warming tones of 'Doric', the local Scots dialect you'll hear in the streets.
Enter the heady world of Scotland's Renaissance kings and queens and discover the fascinating history of the magical city of Stirling. A historic city in central Scotland, Stirling is one of the country's most interesting places to visit, especially if you like to step back in time during your holidays.
Dundee has quickly grown to be a perfect city break location, with a diverse range of bars and restaurants, an eclectic choice of independent shopping, art and design galleries and a buzzing music and events scene. It's a fascinating place and a must-visit when in Scotland
The City of Perth sits at one the great junctions of Scotland; where roads from the Highlands and northeast converge with highways heading north from industrial Glasgow and the capital, Edinburgh; it’s a pivotal point. Additionally, its location on the River Tay at the lowest natural crossing point, and also where the tide reaches far enough inland to permit a viable harbour, has meant that since time immemorial it has been an important settlement and key in the development of the nation. The original village was been built on a small, low mound rising above the frequently submerged floodplain and close to a good crossing point. The name ‘Perth’ itself is of Pictish origin and means a thicket of wood, suggesting other natural resources at hand – wood for fires and buildings, plus wild game, mushrooms and berries in abundance.
Inverness is a gateway to the Highlands and so makes a great base for exploring the surrounding countryside, historic battlefields and beautiful lochs. The Highland Capital is friendly, welcoming, full of history and compact enough for wandering around by foot. Scenes for TV drama Outlander were shot in and around the city.













